I think the way that I am able thio juggle kind of different roles, Multiple
roles, maybe, just, you know, like being a teacher, being a researcher
and being a parent, being a friend and all these different
things is I don't do all of them simultaneously. I kind of do one for
a little while. And then I switch hats, and then I do another one,
and then I switch hats, and then I do another one. Um, and you know,
some things in my life have had to adjust that way. So, like, for
instance, with friendships, I found that the friendships in my life
that are enduring are the ones with people who understand that, you
know, I'm not always going to be in contact, like sometimes weeks.
They're gonna go by maybe even months, and you're not gonna hear from
me, because I'm just I'm really busy. And I'm doing other things as
soon as I can. I will pick up where we left off, Um, and fortunately,
I found, you know, a few friends who are totally like that's how
their lives are too. So we've kind of found each other, and we have
a great friendship. But, you know, other other friendships haven't
worked out because the other person wanted a little bit too much more
from me than I could give, you know, in a go. So you know, some of
its adjusting expectations and and some of it is just kind of being
able to switch between things kind of rapidly, yeah.